Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
KUNG FU BROTHER
Subrip: Pix
Jack, we are ready.
Okay.
Don't you think
the meat is done?
Just can't give that E.
Coli a chance, you know?
I still see some pink.
I'm goin'
in to watch the game.
No, no, no, don't go
in now, Pop, you promised.
Come on.
Surprise!
Now everyone knows my age.
Hey, what
are y'all talkin' about?
You.
You know, it's amazing how
much you look like your mother.
Yeah, well I may look like
Mom, but I am your chip, Pop.
Son, I'm talkin' about
your mother and me.
Hey, Dad, Mom didn't
leave you, she died.
How can I forget?
Well that was touching.
What?
You were just crying.
Well I had to do
somethin' to get in here.
It's the 9th inning!
This is Karen Takoni
live at the corner
of 3rd and San Pedro
where yet another brutal
killing has taken place.
She's back.
Karen.
Does he know?
No, I don't think he knows.
Dad.
Listen, I'm sorry.
I guess I'm just
still not over Karen.
Group hug.
Yeah?
Yeah, on my way.
What's up?
They found your
missing millionaire.
Where?
At the Swagman
Hotel in Thai Town.
Chief wants to see me.
I'll meet you at the scene.
What you got, Henry?
Gary Figomoto, 36
year old Asian male.
Been missin' for
over four weeks.
Body found decapitated.
Girlfriend was the only witness.
But she's so coked up.
Hotel manager says he
rarely saw the victim
except for at night.
Room's paid up six
months in advance.
Well there goes our
kidnap for ransom theory.
If I lived in Bel Air,
why would I check
into a dump like this?
Obviously he didn't wanna
be seen with Cinderella there.
For six months?
She ain't that ugly.
He wasn't missing,
he was hiding.
He knew the killer.
Murder weapon?
Still looking, but whatever
it was, it was sharp.
Well it's your blood.
So we meet again.
It's called a.
An ancient japanese
symbol of power.
Gentlemen, I'd like to
introduce you to someone.
This is Nathan Nett.
He's on loan from the
government of Thailand.
I've been tracking these
murderers for quite some time.
Really?
Listen.
Nathan's family took
me in back in '69
when I was stationed in Bangkok.
I owe him.
Now, I know you
don't like outsiders
but he's only here to help.
And right now any
little help will do.
And I don't have to
mention how it rolls.
Down hill.
How far up this time?
The governor.
Share all pertinent
info with Agent Nett
and treat him with the
utmost professional courtesy.
Or I swear to God, I'll
suspend both of you
before you can
say "without pay."
-But, Dad...
-Captain!
Welcome aboard.
Well, Agent Nett is it?
You can call me Nathan.
Well, Nathan, you can
call me Detective Emerson.
Fine.
So, what do you know
about these murderers?
How many others
have there been?
So far
we got no suspects.
One witness.
Well, no witness.
No motives, not even
a single fingerprint.
And we're fresh out of DNA.
Thus far the only
connection are these stars
and the fact that all
the victims are Asian.
So what's this gotta
do with Thailand?
It's classified.
Police say they
have no suspects
to what is now being dubbed as
The Weirding Murders.
Are you okay?
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Let's go again.
All right, ready
when you ready.
I need to go to the
Asaka Martial Arts School
in the Palisades as
soon as possible.
Here's the address.
What's up there?
There's a man
there by the name
of Hirohito Fujimoto.
If we get there in time,
he may be able to help us.
"Help," what you, a backup
singer with the Beatles now?
"Fujimoto," so where
have I heard that name?
He's very
important to this case.
Yo, I'm hungry, you hungry?
Let's eat, man.
We really must hurry.
Listen, Mr. Miyagi can wait.
When Jack's gotta
eat, Jack's gotta eat.
Yo!
So, Nathan, what kinda
cop are you in Thailand?
Good afternoon,
what can I get for you?
Yeah, gimme a Number
Two with cheese,
extra ketchup, extra
mayo, cut in half.
Taco salad, no meat, no
cheese, large cup of water.
Might as well
order somethin', man.
It's gonna be a while before
we get a chance to eat again.
I'll have a large
milk and an apple.
Listen, Einstein,
this is a burger joint.
Fast food.
They don't got milk and
they don't got apples.
I don't eat your
american fast food.
What's my total?
One
moment, please.
So, Nathan, man, how come
you don't eat fast food?
Do you know the
cholesterol level
in just those fries alone?
What about that Double
Beef 'N' Cheese?
All that stuff does is
clog up your arteries
and slows down your metabolism.
That's how people become fat.
First of all, I'm not fat,
I'm slightly overweight.
You can just kiss my grits.
Yo, supersize that
Number Two for me!
That'll be
14.72 at the 2nd window.
This is so good.
Listen to them
arteries hardenin'.
Feel that metabolism
bein' lubricated.
Why are we still here?
Because we haven't left.
So, Nathan, man, what kind
of cop are you in Thailand?
Well it's the
equivalent of the FBI.
You know, I really
thought about goin' federal.
Me, too, man, but all
that physical trainin'.
Please.
So, Nathan, what's
so classified?
Well the man you're after
is no ordinary killer.
Well we ain't ordinary cops.
Well, I'm kinda ordinary.
See, ordinary ain't gonna
cut it for the feds, man,
'cause you gotta be, like, cool.
FBI!
FBI.
F-B-I.
Can we go now?
First, I gotta go
release some hostages.
Where are you goin'?
Classified.
Where's he goin'?
Take a poop.
Can you hurry up?
No, no, no,
listen, come on, man.
When Nick's gotta
go, Nick's gotta go.
Besides, ain't
nothin' in the world
more important than
takin' a good poop.
Did you see that?
I got a possible 2-11
at a Stop 'N' Go Minmart
on the corner of
105 and Abaline.
Open the register!
No!
Aren't you gonna do somethin'?
First of all,
I'm still hungry.
Second, I just did.
Aren't you gonna
do something else?
Come on, go, go!
Open this register!
Listen I work for the LAPD.
You know what that stands for?
Leave the African People Dead.
When them white cops show up,
all they see is a
black man with a gun.
So unless I hear shots fired.
Open the register!
No, no, no, no open.
Shots fired, shots fired
at 2-11, Stop 'N' Go Minimart
on the corner of
105 and Abaline.
Open
the damn register!
No, no, no open!
You can't touch that, no open!
What?
Open the register!
Open this register!
No, no, no!
Where's
the fuckin' money?
James, James, I got
the money, let's go!
Police! Freeze!
Don't even think
about it, put it down.
Put it down.
Slowly.
All right, stand up,
turn around, turn around!
Put your hands behind your back.
Slowly!
Lady, I'm a cop,
put that gun down!
I'm here to help you!
Now hold on there
a minute, cowboy.
Now I'm a cop.
Now you don't wanna shoot a cop.
Why don't we fight it out?
You and me, man to man.
Toe to toe.
What you say, cowboy?
I've always wanted
to kick a cop's ass.
I got this.
This milk is way past
its expiration date.
I don't work here.
Now this looks good.
You're
about a stupid SOB.
I don't work here.
Listen, I'm a cop.
You don't wanna shoot a cop.
Why don't you and I
just fight it out?
Toe to toe.
What do you say, cowgirl?
No thanks, I just ate.
Toe to toe?
You and me.
You got the right
to shut the fuck up!
And if you say
anything about this
down at the department,
I'll kill ya.
You know you made
me bump my head?
What happened here?
She snuck up behind me
and hit me in the head
on a 1-11 gone bad and then,
you know, Nathan, we
gotta do somethin'.
He, he got all in the
way and everything.
But I made the arrest by myself.
So what's up at
the Osaki School?
What, what are you doin'?
What are you doin'?
Guys, this is urgent.
Urgent.
I mean, what
exactly is "urgent."
Urgent, the calling
for immediate attention.
Immediate attention
with haste, isn't it?
You really did graduate.
Told ya.
Guys, can we hurry up?
I get it.
This is just cereal to you.
But Samoto's on a quest.
Samoto?
Who's Samoto?
Come on, Nathan,
lips don't fail me now.
All right, what I'm
about to tell you guys
is absolutely classified.
I get it, so this
is the part where you say,
"I can tell you, but then
I'll have to kill ya."
The killer name
is Samoto Kanami.
Samoto Kanami, how
do you spell Kanami?
K-E-Nami,
shit, I don't know, man.
I flunked math.
All
cars in the vicinity
of Olympic and
Broadway, we have a 197
reported at the Osaki
Martial Arts School.
12-Henry-6 responding.
You think you
can get any prints off this?
Yeah,
shouldn't be a problem.
There's some fresh ones
around inside there.
Well, let's
hope they're our guys.
Keep dusting.
Ancient japanese
symbol of power.
Get everything out
as soon as you can.
We got hardly anything
to go on here.
What were you two doin'
dickin' around a minimart?
We just had to get...
Listen.
Has Nathan shared any
pertinent info with you yet?
Well, he.
Where is Nathan?
I want a tight perimeter
around this building now!
You two, lock down.
The four of you check it out.
Jesus, you nearly scared
the piss outta me!
Jesus!
No!
Dad!
Jesus.
Jesus, get an ambulance!
God, Dad.
Secure this area!
Get an ambulance!
We'll get you outta here.
It's gonna be okay,
it's gonna be okay.
Excuse me.
I'm very sorry.
Is there not a decent
bone left in your body?
Despite what you think,
I loved and respected him.
He was a good man.
Respected him to the
point where you splattered
his body all over the news?
It's the beast.
And then you leave
Nick standing at the altar.
Nathan Nett boarded a plane
out of Mexico this morning.
This will help you find him.
I'm sure everything
will work out.
I'm sure, too, thank you.
Thank you for coming out.
Your father was a good
man and a damned good cop.
It's simple, like he wanted.
Thank you for
understanding, sir.
I think you two should
take some time off.
Thank you, sir, that
won't be necessary.
My brother and I
would like some time off
to grieve, sir.
Shall we say indefinite?
Definitely, sir.
It is hot.
Man, I feel like a cup
of McDonald's coffee.
You want taxi?
Hell yeah I want
taxi, with ice.
Hey, be careful with that.
That's real imitation Gucci.
Man, what's this?
Taxi.
It's not gonna fit.
Hell nah, man, I ain't
gettin' into no tricycle.
Nick, just listen, okay?
You can call it intuition.
But I know how these
foreign countries work.
So you just, just sit back
and let me ask
all the questions.
I got this.
Why you here?
It's obvious you
had the spicy onions.
Dude, your breath stink.
I mean, I bet when you
walk past toothpaste,
it trembles.
That's enough.
Why'd you do it?
I didn't.
Before my father died,
he spoke your name.
That may be so, but I never
would've killed my own father.
During the Vietnam
conflict, my mother
fell in love with a young GI.
He didn't know she was pregnant.
She didn't know he was TDY.
What's TDY?
Temporary duty assignment.
He never knew about me and
I never knew about him.
And even though I never met him,
I always loved him and I
never would've killed him.
That's very touching
but I lost my father
and if you think I traveled
halfway around the world
just to hear a pretty speech.
This is personal.
You bet your ass it is.
All this may be tragic
but it still proves nothing.
Come with me.
You two wait right here.
And don't touch anything.
He said don't touch anything.
Yo, Pops.
Yo, you know Nathan,
black guy about,
little taller than you.
In your house, man.
I mean, I hope you know him.
Might have your TV by now.
And he knocked
down your swords, too.
So Papa was a rollin'
stone with jungle fever.
He spoke to me of
his pain, of his guilt,
of your mom's depression
when she found out.
Of his failure of being a man.
His failure of his
relationship with his son.
He made me swear to
never say anything.
Why couldn't he
just talk to me?
He tried, Nick.
Many times, he tried.
Well not hard enough it seems.
Can you all see that
we've been cheated?
My mom, your mom.
What Pops did was wrong,
and I hate him for it.
Come with me.
Someplace safe.
We've lost many in this
battle, I hate to lose you, too.
You two
wait right here.
Yeah right.
Look, here we
play by my rules.
I call the shots.
Where are we goin'?
To a club.
Damn!
Um, um, um, hey!
This what I'm talkin' 'bout!
You act like you've
never seen a woman before.
Well I ain't never
seen her before.
And I ain't never seen her.
And I just ran into
that one over there.
Yeah, um!
Well make yourselves
comfortable.
I need to go talk to somebody.
Damn!
Ho, damn!
Girl, you so fine,
just give me one number
and I'll pick out the other six.
I think she likes me.
Yeah, you and all
your dead presidents.
Can I get you a drink?
Yes you can,
I'm havin' a Diet Coke
and he's drinkin' Hatorade.
Yes.
Damn!
Bend over, pick it up.
This isn't funny.
-Don't you love me?
-No, I don't love you.
Okay, bye.
-Still breakin' hearts.
-Whatever.
How low can you go?
-What'd you find out?
-Nothing.
Can we go?
Say, baby,
what's your name?
Baby.
Well that's easy.
Okay, here.
Not this one, I'm gonna
give you the big one.
Okay, the big one.
Here, that's the
big one right there.
There you go.
I gots to go.
Nothing yet, but
the killer is here.
I'll have more by deadline.
Local to network.
Excuse me.
Get your feet off my
photos and off my desk.
I'm so...
Yeah, I know.
Sorry.
Damn, y'all let
anybody in this country.
What are you doing here?
Same reason you're here.
Is she with you?
-No!
You know, you are incredible.
After all that you've done.
After all that I've done?
If it wasn't for me, you
wouldn't even be here.
How you figure?
I gave you the file on Nathan.
Didn't Jack tell you?
Didn't you tell him?
Intuition my ass!
Okay, so what?
So you helped out a
little bit, so what?
You're not wanted here.
If you expect to catch
this killer, you need me.
This man is a Weirding warrior,
a trained assassin.
Weirding warrior?
Yeah, they were a
secret society of japanese
that migrated throughout
Asia and America
after World War II.
Weirding, weirding, weirding?
Weirding murders?
Weirding murderers.
How did you find
out about this?
On the Internet.
I just don't know
what the scrolls are.
Scrolls?
Yes, scrolls, don't you know?
This guy's not killing
out of vengeance,
he's also after these
so-called sacred scrolls.
That's enough.
No, please continue!
No.
What else are
you not tellin' us?
Samoto's after the
Kuji Den-dro scrolls.
The Cujo Benji what?
The Kuji Den-dro scrolls.
What is so special
about these scrolls?
These scrolls hold
thousands of years
of laws and secrets
of the Weirding clan.
They're a Weirding
warrior's birthright.
They're said to
have been authored
even before the birth of Christ.
And they're like blueprints
detailing the flawless
subtraction of life.
A how-to book of murder.
Pure, sacred convictions
so intense became sacred.
But I've yet to find out exactly
how many scrolls there are.
I've read that there
are six scrolls,
but I've only found
reference to four.
You've been holdin' out
on us this whole time.
No, I haven't.
Then what do you call it?
Family, we ain't
even almost related.
After Samoto's father
died, the remaining governors
decide to disband.
So they split up the scrolls
and fled the country.
Some went to the Philippines.
Some went to Thailand.
Some went to the USA.
But there were six governors
and only four scrolls
and no one knows
who the other two
keepers of the scrolls are.
Would you have believed me
if I would've come with
you in the beginning
with a story like this?
You two still think
I killed my father.
I was just waiting
for the right moment
to explain it all
in full detail.
But first I felt I had
to gain your trust.
I have a
description of the guy
that may help lead
us to the killer.
I have an address.
Give it.
-I go with?
-No!
I want this story,
I need this story!
If I'm ever going to
make national news,
I need this story!
-No.
You gonna eat that?
No.
I don't know how you can
eat all that saturated fat
and expect to live long.
It is not what you
eat, but what you keep.
All this goin' out tomorrow.
This ain't diet.
I ordered diet.
Same shit, different country.
My
Stomach, I don't feel well.
Take a hit of this.
Smells like bubblegum.
Well give it back.
'Cause the last thing we need
is your ass blowin' bubbles.
Here we go.
Stay.
Hey, big guy, how ya doin'?
Can I play?
Show off.
Stay back!
You stay back!
She die!
Stay back!
Man, she die!
Hey!
Stay back!
Go!
Not in Thailand.
Hey, hey, hey!
Mister.
Hey, Hey!
Go, go!
All right, get down, drop it!
Drop it, drop it.
Put it down, put it down.
For what it's worth,
I just wanna thank you.
For what?
For saving my life.
Don't mention it.
Look, about.
About what?
Maybe we could talk about
"what" over dinner tonight.
My treat.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
I'm just not ready.
Lemme hail you a cab.
So how's Karen?
She's all right.
Little bit shaken,
but otherwise okay.
I, sent her to
her hotel in a taxi.
Anything?
No, he hasn't said anything.
Why won't he say anything?
Because he'd lose face.
You mean hit.
Try to get some rest.
We've got a big day tomorrow.
Listen, man, there's, um,
somethin' I gotta do.
Um.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Don't wait up for me.
Like I would.
Yes!
Who is it?
Twice in one day?
I'm sorry.
What is this?
Thought I'd bring
dinner to you.
What is this?
I must've thought
about this 1,000 times.
What I was gonna say.
What I was gonna do.
And now that you're here.
You say that you love me,
yet you wanna change
me at every turn.
What's wrong with who I am?
I don't know, Karen, what
is wrong with who you are?
This is who I am, Nick.
I love my life, I love my job,
I love where I'm
at in my career.
Walls of Jericho?
Can we just be
friends tonight?
Sorry.
It's okay.
Nathan's waiting in the lobby.
Um, one more thing.
Remember when we talked
about the scrolls?
Um, supposedly he who
possesses all six scrolls
can summon special powers.
No, not the special powers.
What do you mean?
What kind of special powers?
I don't know, I'm
still researching,
but supposedly he who
possesses all six scrolls
can summon special powers.
Powers that can heal whole
villages of sick people.
Arrest natural catstrophes.
Where there's famine, the
scrolls can bring feast.
Where there's drought, the
scrolls can bring rain.
I mean, it's pretty incredible.
So more motivation for
Samoto to acquire the scrolls.
Or Nathan.
Can these scrolls,
give you the lotto numbers?
Man, I ain't gonna never
complain about Section 8 again.
What's Section 8?
Ain't no middle
class here?
Either you extremely rich.
Or extremely poor.
Remember, when you're a kid,
you're not worried
about being poor.
You're just havin' fun.
I guess.
What's funny
about you Westerners
is you always come
to what you consider
a Third World country and try
to impose your way of life.
The truth is, it's
country's just like yours
that are responsible
for using up
most of the world's resources.
How you figure?
Well, according
to your own EPA,
America's only 6% of
the world's population
but yet you generate
50% of the annual waste.
Yeah, well, you know what?
I'd rather generate 50% of
the waste bein' comfortable
than takin' a shower in a cup.
Yeah, that's it,
the old american spirit.
Took long enough.
What is this place?
It's an abandoned
chinese temple.
The Weirding clan used to
have their ceremonies here.
Used to?
Yeah, until
about 10 years ago,
until they decided to go legit.
Used to?
Yeah.
Yeah, well,
somebody ain't...
No!
Don't move!
Get rid of the shoe.
Man, these $200 shoes!
This dart has been
chemically treated.
It'll burn through your
soles, eat through your skin,
pierce your body, and
make your heart explode.
Hello?
Poison gas, run!
I have a new girl.
Anything?
Might as well make
yourselves comfortable.
It's gonna be a long night.
You okay?
I saw him, we
were face to face!
You okay?
But I saw him.
Listen, honey, calm down.
I won't be a victim!
Notice anything?
You mean besides
the dead body?
No one's been
decapitated or skinned.
Samoto didn't get
what he came for.
Shotoro's destroyed the scroll.
So what does that mean?
It means the scroll lives.
How the hell a scroll live?
In human skin.
It was transferred to
Tiku.
His name's Tieku.
Yeah.
-Let's go.
-To where?
The station.
If Tiku's been scrolled,
he'll go into hiding.
That's the only place
he knows to contact me.
Listen, I need a favor.
My girl's really freakin' out.
Do you mind if she...
She can stay with me.
Thanks, I owe you.
You owe everybody.
Make sure those two
get home safely, okay.
Okay.
It's okay.
Thanks.
If I need you, I'll scream.
Go ahead and make
yourself comfortable.
I'm gonna take a long, hot bath.
Are you cold?
Here.
Put this on.
Don't mention it.
I'm here if you need me.
I can't just sit
here all night.
Then make yourself useful.
You hungry?
That's a stupid question.
What do you wanna eat?
Well, any kind
of fried rice is cool.
Long as it ain't no dog or cat.
Well, he's got some of
your family qualities.
Don't go in there until
I clean up all that glass.
Stupid me, I dropped
my champagne glass.
What's the matter?
You don't like my music?
Nick.
I want you to stay in my
hotel until this is over.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
It's not your fault.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Thanks.
We can't seem to contact
any friends or family.
Do you mind comin'
down to the station,
fill out a report?
No.
I'll ride with you.
That's okay, you.
You go home with Karen,
I'll be all right.
Yeah?
Nathan!
Yeah.
Samoto's coming for me!
Where are you?
Meet me at temple on
top of the mountain!
Temple?
How do I, how do I get there?
Yes, how
can I direct your call?
Yeah, room 1-3-2 please.
Thank you.
That was supposed
to be me tonight.
Nick?
I have to tell you something.
I wanted to be liked.
I wanted the american
dream so bad.
My parents aren't dead.
Your parents are alive?
Well, my mother is.
But my father passed
away three months ago.
I didn't even know.
He asked my mother
not to tell me
'cause he didn't wanna
bring anymore shame on me.
I'm so sorry.
I've traded
everything for this.
I sold my soul.
And for what?
Maybe I should just pack
it all up and go home.
Karen.
You have to invest in here.
This is your home.
Do you think my
father could forgive me?
I'm sure he would.
Can you?
Come here.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
You have police
emergency message.
Go to my room, lock the door,
and don't open it for anyone.
Dear Nick and Jack,
I fear Tieku has
succumbed to his demise.
With that, Samoto has
acquired all six scrolls
and, therefore, must
complete the dance of Akita
in the presence of
all six scrolls.
This ritualistic
cadence commands
the powers of the supernatural.
His body will become like stone,
his blood like sand.
I cannot ask you for what
I, and I alone, must do.
Forgive me. Nathan.
You see what that
bastard keep doin'?
Well, I
guess this is goodbye.
Yep.
See you around.
'Fore you know it.
So this is it.
Well, I just wanna spend
more time with my mom.
Got a lot of catching up to do.
Well I hope things
work out for you.
Close your eyes.
Why?
Close 'em.
You know I don't
like surprises.
Sounds familiar.
What this?
Nick, will you marry me?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org